[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] The Straw Hats
formed an alliance with Law
and targeted the Don Quixote
Family in Dressrosa.
In response, Doflamingo trapped
the kingdom inside a barrier
and challenged
all present to a game.
[NARRATOR] In one harrowing
battle after another,
the Straw Hats and
their allies defeated
each of the Don Quixote
Family Executives,
until at last,
only their leader remained.
Now, the fate of Dressrosa
will be decided
in a one-on-one duel between
Luffy and Doflamingo.
So now, all that's left
is to have faith in Straw Hat.
But if he's gonna win,
then I wanna be there to watch.
[LUFFY]
Let's go!
Gum-Gum Grizzly Magnum!
[DOFLAMINGO]
You're wide open!
[gasps]
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
There's no place in the world
where everyone prospers.
It's a waste of time
trying to save them all.
You're just a pirate
passing through.
Why are you trying to play hero?
You dare pick a fight
with me, Straw Hat?
That's not true!
You're the one
picking a fight with me!
You made so many
of my friends cry.
And you made my
crewmates angry, too!
You'll keep hurting people
until you're stopped.
It's time for me to step up.
I won't let anyone else die!
[LUFFY] I'm kicking your ass
and wrecking your Birdcage!
All right. Fourth Gear!
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
[TOWNSWOMAN A gasps]
[MARINE A]
Go! This way!
[TOWNSMAN D] We gotta get to
the center of town! Keep going!
[gasps] Those building
are getting
dragged across the ground.
[TOWNSMAN E] And they're
coming straight for us! Run!
The kingdom's getting
crushed into a ball,
and us along with it!
[SAI]
The Birdcage is shrinking.
[CHIN JAO] That would
explain the mass panic.
The Birdcage buries everything.
Now the whole kingdom
knows the truth.
That the Young Master's
rule was all a lie.
He can't control
the people anymore.
So he's going to
kill them instead.
He'll erase and entire kingdom
without a moment's
hesitation, honey.
This is a nightmare.
I see the battle isn't over yet.
[BABY 5 squeals]
I called him "honey" again!
This is really happening!
Married life is
off to a great start!
I'm not gonna sit here
picking my nose,
waiting for death to come!
Go find our fallen allies!
Get them back up!
[ORLUMBUS]
All right!
Oh. He's taking control already.
If he can handle
these tough characters,
he'll make a fine leader.
[BABY 5]
And a fine husband!
I've really gotta
step it up as a homemaker!
[VIOLET] If the battle
goes on for too long,
even this plateau
will be cut to pieces.
[USOPP]
What?
I thought this was
the middle of the kingdom!
Isn't it the safest place?
Look above.
The center is
slowly moving, too.
[USOPP]
Huh?
[VIOLET] It's probably
closing in on the royal palace
on top of the plateau.
In other words, where Doflamingo
is fighting right now.
Unless we push
towards the center,
we'll be shredded
like everything else.
[USOPP screams] Climb faster,
climb faster, climb faster...
Don't shake me!
Climb faster, go!
Now that we're
in the midst of it,
I see that things
are quite chaotic!
This way.
Huh? Sir Zoro!
[KIN'EMON] Might I inquire
where you're going, Sir Zoro?
What do you mean?
Isn't it obvious?
[KANJURO, KIN'EMON]
Huh?
We're going to
stop that thing. There.
[BOTH]
Where?
No!
What a surprise.
I never knew there were
little people here in Dressrosa.
And their princess can
heal injuries like magic.
It's practically a fairy tale.
I hope your arm
turns out all right.
They said it should be
back in working order
once the blood flow returns.
[LAW]
Yeah, I know. I'm a doctor.
When I saw that
underground port,
one thing became clear.
[CAVENDISH] This is much
bigger than one man.
Even if we defeat Doflamingo,
the battle won't be over.
But it will cause ripples
across the world.
[CAVENDISH] And all eyes
will be on you and Straw Hat.
Yeah. That was the plan.
"Fourth Gear"? Do tell.
[LUFFY]
That's right.
[LUFFY] I gotta kick
your ass in a hurry,
so I need to get stronger.
[LUFFY] It's nothing
like Second or Third.
[LUFFY]
Muscle Balloon!
[DOFLAMINGO]
Hm?
Fourth Gear!
Bounce-Man!
[chuckles]
[DOFLAMINGO cackling]
[DOFLAMINGO] I'm sorry.
Is this supposed to be joke?
You certainly got big,
I'll give you that much.
But you think
a balloon scares me?
[DOFLAMINGO]
And here I thought you had
some secret strategy
to win this.
You should take
things seriously!
I am serious. You wanna see?
[DOFLAMINGO] What are you going
to do, bounce me to death?
You can't even stand on
your own two feet anymore.
How are you supposed
to kick my ass
with a stupid power like that?
For two whole years,
I fought against wild animals
as huge and savage
as any monster
you could think of.
[LUFFY yells]
[LUFFY] If I wanted to
wrestle them to the ground,
I needed greater size
and greater bounciness.
And what good does
elasticity do?
[LUFFY]
Shut up.
Once I start,
you won't even be
able to fight back.
Now, my Gum-Gum...
...Kong...
...Gun!
What's going on now?
Something fell from the sky.
What happened?
[VIOLET]
I can't believe it.
[USOPP] Huh? You can't
believe what? Is Luffy okay?
He transformed.
I've never seen
anything like this before.
And Doflamingo is...
[gasps]
It's Doflamingo!
[TOWNSWOMAN B]
What?
[DOFLAMINGO panting]
Everyone stand back!
Don't move! What the hell
are you doing here?
I'd like to know that myself.
[TOWNSMAN K]
Run! He's gonna kill us!
[TOWNSMAN L]
There's nowhere to go!
We'll end up
hitting the Birdcage!
[DOFLAMINGO]
This is downtown.
He really knocked me a long way.
[thumping]
[DOFLAMINGO]
He's using elastic force to fly?
Try this, balloon boy! Overheat!
This one's my Gum-Gum...
[LUFFY]
...Rhino Schneider!
Somebody else showed up!
He's massive! And it
looks like he's strong, too!
[TOWNSMAN O]
He's a giant ball man?
[USOPP]
Viola. Is he winning, or what?
Unreal.
M-M-M-M-M-Mister Luffy!
Heck yeah!
What is that? A new technique?
Yeah, it's gotta be! Woohoo!
Hey, you realize how
awesome this is, Stumpy?
We got to witness
a never-before seen
super-secret
special move in person
and you're just standing
there like a statue!
[BARTOLOMEO gasping]
I can't stop shaking,
this is the best day of my life!
Move.
He's so strong.
[DOFLAMINGO]
Little bastard!
He's hardening his skin
with Armament Haki
and using the tensile force
to multiply his strength
several times over.
I'm not gonna lose to a ball!
I'm stronger than rubber!
What is that pose?
I'm so sick of this crap!
Pentachromatic String!
Bullet String!
[LUFFY]
I told you, didn't I?
Now that I'm using Fourth Gear,
you can't keep up.
This is the end.
Here I come, Mingo.
Who the hell do you
think you're dealing with?
[grunts]
[LUFFY grunts]
[DOFLAMINGO groans]
Now, Gum-Gum...
...Culverin!
[DOFLAMINGO]
Athlete!
[DOFLAMINGO] Even with the
armor, he's still like rubber!
[LUFFY] You think that's
gonna work on me? Not now!
I can't believe this!
Don't you dare try and run away.
You're gonna get
that ass-kicking!
[DOFLAMINGO] What's happening?
It keeps going!
Chase him down! Python!
Damn it!
[yells]
How far can his arm stretch?
Enough! Eat this!
And now, Gum-Gum...
...Culverin!
[LUFFY grunts]
[NARRATOR] Luffy's unrelenting
assault with Fourth Gear
seems to make
quick work of Doflamingo.
But the wicked king isn't ready
to give up Dressrosa yet
and counterattacks with a
surprise technique of his own.
Taking Luffy by surprise,
he summons forth
a mysterious new kind
of Devil Fruit power.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"A Massive Counterattack!
Doflamingo's Awakening!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!